so, uh, short duty. Uh, you you could travel a lot or a little, depending
upon the mission that the command that you were at, for instance,
what was that? The Naval Postgraduate School was a junior officer.
Um, I went out twice. One year following here. I went out three times,
and that was for four days at most on each of those trips. As you're
all sir. Later on, a Szmyd grade officer assigned to the also military
affairs of the central tells us Agency I was an exercise actual,
sir. On I would go to what they called was identified as the initial
mid final planning conferences. These plenty conferences would
be Monday through Friday. We're on a Friday, you travel days, work
days in between, and I ran some 30 exercises in year, so that was quite
a bit of travel that would be combined in there. Now, we had a lot
of also goes back and forth that we were covering each other for
all right. Said it was a fair bit of travel, but I was traveling about
want maybe two weeks every month I was traveling for the CIA and
doing my decisive ward back and forth. You could wind up doing that.
I know off all their officers that traveled as much doing other jobs.
And I know of officers that did Maur and other officers that did
less. What? Again? It depends on the commands Mission of hours travel.
You're actually warmed up. You do it.